twelve years a truly hottest b 31
degrees in the shadow and on the trainerbank
under the plexiglas over 40 degrees
FC carinthia against the 3 0 against rapid
only one position changed so blatnik
plays for the injured brazilian
right in midfield storm with Cupid
instead of haas over the last
play at austria and what the goals with
the first possibility of the partner of
Charles Amoah in the storm behind hanging
Hannes Reinmayr on the right side
now coach he has been in the last few years
play a lot of fun on the
position of actually in the battery shopping
has jahns charles amoah sits down here
in the first minutes in scene
he finally wants to come today
having a sense of achievement is also extra
not driven to the team that he was against
Nigeria plays for the Graz requested storm
concentrated fiercely from the beginning
and runner very strong and found it
a meyer
with a great shot after about five
minutes
hannes reinmayr after his
Ankle surgery the whole spring
pausing now but always better
shape comes the euro bears on
been this ball
fc carinthia today only strong in battle
defense can be attacked
initially did not prevail only
in standard situations a free kick here
by star ambrosius and in the hands of
Sidorczuk goes this at the ambrosius
In a little demolished is a football
storm with a lot of movement charles amoah
reinmayr it is played fast
I have not played it directly for a long time
seen more has left now
one in the defense storm zenith the
really argentinians this ball on
short corner but choreo is with bavaria
defense to the place
because the bay he still with some
Players of the storm team with
Neukirchner played with Haas with Betty
has actually only attacks the
grazer i have a lot of space especially
what the under reinmayr the
play designer what the trainer yes us
his volley shot almost exactly
22 minutes is a new one
his first goal of the season and the 1 0 against
Carinthia
ideal pass from basti with a lot
self-confidence takes over hannes
reinmayr either unsustainable
piccolo
the well-deserved leadership for the
Grazer after 22 minutes and that makes
have something else heavier in now
this game from the outset to one
powerful dhabi built track of it too
the grazer the corresponding
self-confidence
the combinations on the brink
the graduation does not always work
basti forgives here and annoys reinmayr
The Carinthian attacks are not like
last over the wings but mostly
through the middle
ambrosius gets the ball out of here
the midfield comes to little battles
with feldhofer and a rather unsightly
attack by ambrosius ruler
opera, however, only gives free kick and
here in the fight for the ball the ball now
there is a chin hook already gone
ambrosius begins hofer there one would have
at least have to give money
one of the few attacks
before the break from fc kelag kärnten
played by roger on cuba but the loo
is still pushed by neukirchner
There is not even a real one
There scene before the break
storm powered by good
10.000 own fans about 3000 kärntner
are in the stadium remains dynamic rainer
mohr is left it is it totally free
but he hesitates you realize that to him
simply understanding the game with his
mates much the vote is missing and
Coach only reacts with a bad one
view after 45 minutes leads only with 1 0
and after the page change comes
the same eleven on the field at the fc
Carinthia brings a conductor for his paper
not the young Steiner
example, further storms and in
the 55 minute uses what the place
the chain of four lets him to the 20
ideal pass from porsche what's right
ball elegant with the chest with one
very pure pursuit and achieved a
his jubilee 140th
bundesliga-hits it's his first
gate in this season
create today and co-trainer frank
Pietsch could not react and
the field of the team fell as well
this time the ideas of one of the very few
Advances after the break on the coach
the right side does not bring anything
then hannes leaves pure mayr falls
many come horst heldt the
expense position plays and also mario
Haas comes after 70 minutes for charles
amoah mario haas the last on his
exchange against the austria angry
but has not yet fine
got good shot of the future until
on jump and the shoot forgives
punished punishment punishment today with
all the defensive bad in the storm
Mittelfeld then took over one
far flank of fernandes on what you
again, virtually no resistance
Carinthian defense Haas is ideally served
and that's the 3 0 in the 89 minute that
second season goal of bunny and he has
so far half as many goals in the
bundesliga like captain mastix 70 but
Sturm defeated the Carinthia very clearly
with 3 0
and this time not only the fans
enthusiastic but also trainer ivica
osim if mario makes a turbo each
Ten years of such a goal says so too
a little bit of pressure is needed if it is
Fortunately, some experimentarium
It was somehow mario haas
a disciplining today from
starting to do nothing at all outside
Do not hit it so well today if it is
against storm graz are not in a good mood where
Players play or the team
costs 200 million a schilling
pasticcio reinmayr in hammoor or or
as they are all called the house is by the
is received coming is come such bank
I do not have players and if you are against
such players are not in a good mood then
you lose the game so worry about
made us courage in this heat
that oppressive sultriness around her
personally because they have a long one
pants play all the time I believe
That was my problem, I sweated
as with someone's game was at the
long pants but just the pressure
from storm graz was so high and it is
very instructive in this regard
we just did not do it when
you would not have got gates like it
Not